Replace `decls` with `spec`. (#4263)
wasp-lang/wasp: web/docs/general/spec.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { authSpec } from "./src/auth/auth.wasp";
```

1. Importing the building blocks (`app`, `page`, `route`, `query`, ...) from `@wasp.sh/spec`.
2. Importing your own components and functions adding the import attribute `with { type: "ref" }`.

> 3. Calling `app({ ... })` with your app's configuration, listing all the pages, routes, queries, actions, etc. in the `spec` array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Calling `app({ ... })` with your app's configuration, listing all the pages, routes, queries, actions, etc. in the `spec` property.
```

### Splitting your spec into multiple files

For larger apps you don't have to keep everything in `main.wasp.ts`. You can move related specifications into their own `*.wasp.ts` files and combine them in `main.wasp.ts`. This works well for vertical slices, like keeping a feature's page, route, query, and action specifications in that feature's folder.

Each feature file exports it's own `Spec`:

```ts title="src/auth/auth.wasp.ts"
import { page, route, type Spec } from "@wasp.sh/spec";

import LoginPage from "./LoginPage" with { type: "ref" };
import SignupPage from "./SignupPage" with { type: "ref" };

export const authSpec: Spec = [
  route("SignupRoute", "/signup", page(SignupPage)),
  route("LoginRoute", "/login", page(LoginPage)),
];
```

> The `Spec` annotation gives TypeScript enough information to validate the specification in a split spec file before it's added to the `main.wasp.ts`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Spec` annotation gives TypeScript enough information to validate the specification in its own file before it's added to the `main.wasp.ts`.
```
